README.md, before:

# About

[Azure Search](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/) is a cloud search service for web and mobile app development. This project helps you get content from a website into an Azure Search index. It uses [Abot](https://github.com/sjdirect/abot) to crawl websites. For each page it extracts the content in a customizable way and indexes it into Azure Search.

This project is intended as a demo or a starting point for a real crawler. At a minimum, you'll want to replace the console messages with proper logging, and customize the text extraction to improve results for your use case.


# Howto: quick start

- Create an Azure Search search service. If you're new to Azure Search, follow [this guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-create-service-portal).
- Create an index in your search service with three string fields: "id", "url", and "content". Make them searchable.
- Run CrawlerMain, either from Visual Studio after opening the .sln file, or from the command line after compiling using msbuild. You will need to pass a few command-line arguments, such as your search service information and the root URL of the site you'd like to crawl. Calling the program without arguments or with -h will list the arguments.


# Howto: customize it for your project

## Text extraction

To adjust what content is extracted and indexed from each page, implement your own TextExtractor subclass. See the class documentation for more information.

## CrawlerConfig

The Abot crawler is configured by the method Crawler.CreateCrawlConfiguration, which you can adjust to your liking.


# Code overview

- CrawlerMain contains the setup information such as the Azure Search service information, and the main method that runs the crawler.
- The Crawler class uses Abot to crawl the given website, based off of the Abot sample. It uses a passed-in CrawlHandler to process each page it finds.
- CrawlHandler is a simple interface decoupling crawling from processing each page.
- AzureSearchIndexer is a CrawlHandler that indexes page content into AzureSearch.
- Pages are modeled by the inner class AzureSearchIndexer.WebPage. The schema of your Azure Search index must match this class.

Commit message:

Uses Azure SQL for metadata, and Azure Storage for content - both get indexed by Azure Search to provide search results

README.md, after:

# About

[Azure Search](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/) is a cloud search service for web and mobile app development. This project helps you get content from a website into an Azure Search index. It uses [Abot](https://github.com/sjdirect/abot) to crawl websites. For each page it extracts the content in a customizable way and uploads the file in Azure Storage (Blob) and updates metadata in Azure SQL. Both Azure Blob and SQL get indexed by Azure Search which can be used to search the contents in the website

This project is intended as a demo or a starting point for a real crawler. At a minimum, you'll want to replace the console messages with proper logging, and customize the text extraction to improve results for your use case.


# Howto: quick start

- Create `Azure SQL`, `Azure Storage` and execute  `search-configure.ps1` to configure `Azure Search` 
- Compile the solution and execute as below

```
AzureSearchCrawler.exe -r "http://www.ganshani.com" -m 100000 -n "StorageAccountName" -k "StorageAccountKey" -s "sqlConnectionString"
```

# Howto: customize it for your project

## CrawlerConfig

The Abot crawler is configured by the method Crawler.CreateCrawlConfiguration, which you can adjust to your liking.

# Code overview

- CrawlerMain contains the setup information for `Azure Storage`, `Azure SQL`, and the main method that runs the crawler.
- The Crawler class uses Abot to crawl the given website, based off of the Abot sample. It uses a passed-in `WebPageHandler` to process each page it finds.
- `WebPageHandler` uploads the page content to Blob (`UploadToBlob`) and inserts metadata to SQL (`UpdateSql`)
- `Azure Search` (outside of this console application) scans Blob and SQL and creates single index which can be used to search
